Add a caveat to our results indicator abbreviation section that there are exceptions (#1455)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/general_reference_material/bliss/index.rst

  Using one without the other invites the reader to assume the indicator is better-defined
  than it is.

Again, these guidelines should be taken on a case-by-case basis, and there will certainly
be exceptions to these rules, depending on context. For example, in the above section
`4.5 Result indicator abbreviation`_, we provided an example where a researcher has two
data sources which report 'sex'. One source defines 'sex' as sex assigned at birth, and the 

> other defines 'sex' as sex identity. Depending on how central the differences between these 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other defines 'sex' as self-reported sex. Depending on how central the differences between these 
```
